Moderator: Okay. So I've started the recording. And I just like to confirm, are you comfortable if I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P34: Yes, I am.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: And if you're comfortable, we just start to use a recorded clip. From our discussion with any identifiable information removed and blurred out.
P34: Yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: well, that is our intro. So thank you for hanging with me through that. So
Moderator: before we look at the caregiver online form, we have a couple of warm-up questions for you.
P34: Okay.
Moderator: Have you applied for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers?
P34: Well, I don't think I have.
P34: Oh, I mean
P34: I am a caregiver. Is that? That's not what you're asking, though.
Moderator: Yeah, I guess. Are you enrolled in the program?
P34: As a caregiver.
Moderator: Okay.
P34: Yes, I am.
Moderator: And so, how many months ago did you enroll.
P34: Oh, I've been in probably 2 years now.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: And I said, if you could explain the caregiver program to somebody who's interested in enrolling, how would you explain it?
P34: Hmm! Never thought about it.
P34: if you're already taking care of somebody, it's a benefit to you to enroll in the program because you do get paid for helping the person that you've been helping, and there is support. If you want the support
P34: or extra help.
Moderator: Awesome. Great thanks for explaining that.
Moderator: And are you familiar with the concept of a primary or secondary caregiver?
P34: Yes.
Moderator: Okay. Do you know which one you are enrolled as.
P34: Okay. Now, are you asking for my vet or for me?
Moderator: You? Are you enrolled as the primary or the secondary caregiver.
P34: Okay. Oh, caregiver, I was thinking, primary doctor. Sorry I'm so used to working everything for my husband that I do think that away. Yes, yes, I'm the primary one, and no, we do not have a secondary one, because we didn't figure we needed one. At this point my children would be available so.
Moderator: Got it cool. Thanks for sharing that. And when you completed the caregiver form online a couple of years ago, remember, go back. Did you do it in person, at a facility or online.
P34: Online.
Moderator: Okay? And what did you do in preparation for completing the online form.
P34: I did the research on the vagov.gov to see what was available and what I needed to know and what was out there. I do a lot of research most of the time.
P34: so I was comfortable.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: yeah, thanks for explaining that. And so I'm guessing. Did you complete all the Va forms on your own? Or did an accredited representative representative? Or Vso.
P34: I always do it on my own.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: And I guess, is there anything else you'd like to share about your experience with the caregiver, application.
Moderator: form and program? So far, either good or bad.
P34: The caregiver program.
P34: I do get frustrated
P34: that we have to have the wellness check, I guess. But that's for my husband. I mean, it just seems like it goes over the same thing, and he gets tired of listening, answering it. So.
P34: But that's just part of the program.
Moderator: Thanks for sharing that.
Moderator: Okay? Well, thank you for going over that background questions. Now, we're gonna change gears a bit. I'm going to
Moderator: give you a link in the chat for zoom here, and if you could open that link
Moderator: and then open it in a browser, and I don't know if you want to close anything on your computer.
Moderator: prepare for it. But once you have that link open and you're ready to share, let me know if you need any help.
P34: Okay, whoops
P34: it will.
P34: I lost it. When I went with my cursor onto it, it went away. What if I just hit the share screen on the bottom of my screen or the bottom of the screen that you're on. Will that do it?
Moderator: Yep, and then you'll need to just share the link or tab that I
Moderator: put in chat. So if you could open that and just share that one screen. That would be great.
P34: Okay.
P34: okay, it says, I'm screen sharing. Now. Do you see it?
Moderator: Yep, I see everything. Just so, you're aware. And then in zoom chat there was a link.
Moderator: and I don't see your zoom up.
P34: When I put my cursor on it, it left.
Moderator: Okay, can you? Maybe during the bottom bar there's that little Zm circle. If you click on that, does it bring it back up.
P34: Oh, mine's up at the top. Let's see, the chat. Is that the one you want me to do?
Moderator: Should be a link in that chat.
P34: It's saying.
P34: There we go.
P34: Okay. Now I'm gonna hit the link.
P34: And there I am. Apply for the program. Okay.
Moderator: Awesome. Yeah, that's where we need to be. Okay. So can you please review this page and tell me your initial thoughts and expectations of this form before going forward and applying.
P34: Okay, I'm fine with all that, and it looks good. It's
P34: self-explanatory.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: what if anything stands out as being confusing or really helpful?
P34: Well, the check your eligibility, because I think that's a problem for a lot of people. They always wonder
P34: how to find out if they're eligible. So I guess that will tell you. And
P34: the gather, your information ahead of time is helpful.
P34: and I like the fact that's got the support line.
P34: No, everything looks good. I don't. Yeah. It just looks normal for everything I've ever used.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: on a scale of one to 5, 1 being very poorly and 5 being very well. How prepared and informed do you feel about the application you're about to begin. Based on this page's content.
P34: 5, because I'm familiar with it. I don't know about someone else. But yes, for me. 5
P34: got it.
Moderator: Okay. Now, I'd like you to start this form as if you were applying for the program.
P34: Okay.
Moderator: Okay, so this is our testing site. Your information won't go any well anywhere, but feel free to use real or fake information, whichever one you're more comfortable with.
Moderator: I can give you a fake one to enter in here. It'll throw on the sequential.
P34: Work.
Moderator: Yeah, just do.
Moderator: Oh, you mixed it up. Yeah, that should work under like 4, 5, 6, 7.
Moderator: If you were doing this for real. Would you have that memorized, or would you need to look? Look it up.
P34: I gave a fake one.
P34: No, and I would. I have it memorized. So not a problem. Okay.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: And if you can go through this, if you just remember to think aloud, we just want to know if any reactions or thoughts you're having as you're going through the fields.
P34: Oh, okay.
P34: pretty standard.
P34: And normally, I would put in an email address. So you want me to do what I normally would do.
Moderator: Yeah. Yeah. And you can use fake information if you don't want to use your real stuff. But what you'd normally do.
P34: Yeah.
Moderator: How would you like to prefer.
P34: So.
Moderator: Or how would you like to search for Va. Facilities.
P34: Yeah. So I probably need to search for real. Is that what they're asking on that one? It didn't accept my goof or my.
Moderator: Was he trying to do like a fake postal code.
P34: Fake. One didn't work.
Moderator: Yup. It has to be for real. To get it to work is the Zip code. How you would prefer to search for facilities.
P34: Probably not.
P34: I would probably use
P34: Colorado Springs.
Moderator: And
Moderator: if you wanted to change your facility that you selected.
Moderator: can you walk me through? How you would accomplish that.
P34: If I had wanted to. There.
Moderator: If you wanted to change the facility you selected.
P34: I would go back with the back button and change it.
P34: Is that what you're asking me? Yep, okay.
P34: So now I need to fill this back in.
Moderator: Yeah. Is that what you'd expect to happen there? What are your thoughts on that process?
P34: Yes, because of the fact that it gave me the options.
P34: because one of these is actually where he gets his doctor's appointments, where the other one is the main clinic.
P34: So yeah.
P34: I actually didn't realize
P34: there were that other the other 2 clinics there.
P34: or 3 clinics.
P34: Okay.
Moderator: Yeah, if you just talk me through this page. And what are your thoughts and impressions here.
P34: Okay. That I chose my clinic, and I can see that the support facility
P34: is Aurora. And now I'm wondering
P34: if I would have went back and changed it, would it have changed Aurora.
P34: which I guess it wouldn't, because it's a regional one. So
P34: because sometimes I get frustrated that it is in an aurora.
P34: because the other problem, I think, is so much of the Va stuff is going
P34: national. It looks like, and therefore I call for something, and the help is way away from here and have no clue. What's
P34: even there, even what our weather's doing so.
P34: But.
Moderator: Expert.
P34: Okay.
P34: So I would continue.
Moderator: Yeah. And before we continue on, I also have another rating question for you
Moderator: on a scale of one to 5 of one being very poor, and 5 being really easy to do.
Moderator: how would you rate the overall process of the Va. Facility selection pages.
P34: 5.
Moderator: Okay. And why would you give it that.
P34: Because it did give me multiple choices so that it was easy to to find which one I wanted.
P34: Okay, great.
Moderator: Thanks for that feedback. You can continue on.
P34: Do you want me to wait before I hit the continue button? I'm 1 of these people that go
P34: too fast. Probably so would it be better for you to tell me every time to continue?
P34: No.
Moderator: I think those are the couple of pauses that I was trying to sneak in. So I think we're good.
P34: Okay.
P34: okay, so,
Moderator: Yeah, as we're doing this, what does a primary caregiver mean to you?
P34: It's the one that is
P34: gets paid through the Va. Basically more than anything.
Moderator: Got it.
Moderator: Yeah, continue on and then fill it out like you normally would. Again, same rules apply. If you don't want to use real go use, fake info.
P34: Okay, I'm very comfortable with all that. It was self explanatory. Oh, there's more, though, isn't there? Okay.
P34: no, okay.
P34: And is it gonna kick it out, because I don't remember what fake number I gave
P34: while ago.
Moderator: Oh, if it's the same number that used for the veteran, yeah.
Moderator: maybe we can pick a different one or adjust it by a number.
Moderator: Would that be a concern if you were doing it for real.
P34: No cause. I would have definitely used everything right, one
P34: that I use all the time.
Moderator: I know you mentioned. You don't have a secondary caregiver. But what does a secondary caregiver mean to you in this within this program?
P34: Someone that would take over if I was unable to be the caregiver
P34: or someone that's yes, and somebody that's online already signed up
P34: in case I couldn't.
P34: So
P34: do you want me to go ahead with it or not? Because I would have no normally said no.
Moderator: Yeah, we'll answer it as you normally do. But I just have one more question, how do you think the secondary role differs in the process and benefits
Moderator: between the primary.
P34: Well, the secondary doesn't get the benefits, and it doesn't get paid, doesn't get the
P34: I will.
P34: And if they didn't have health benefits they probably wouldn't be able to get health benefits through this.
P34: So
P34: yeah, I don't remember. I remember looking all that up and deciding it wasn't worth going through.
Moderator: Got it. Thanks for talking through that a little bit more.
Moderator: So I guess if you were completing this online form for real coordinating information would really just be
Moderator: you and your husband, the veteran.
P34: That's true.
Moderator: Would you still sit down and complete the form together.
Moderator: or would you just
Moderator: handle it.
P34: Most of it. I handle all on my own. Okay.
P34: but I see that. You know, I could look at this and see.
P34: let's see.
P34: Yeah, okay, so that wasn't anything different than what I thought I remembered.
P34: Okay.
P34: thanks.
Moderator: Would you ever have an interest of adding a secondary family? Caregiver?
Moderator: Now, like, after you've applied.
P34: Oh.
P34: probably not, because 2 of my kids are
P34: close by.
P34: So if I needed him I'd holler at him, or if my husband needed him, he'd holler at him. Call him not holler.
P34: Okay.
Moderator: Got it. Thanks for talk to that you can continue on.
Moderator: and that in your own words on this page. Just describe what it's asking and what it means to you.
P34: Okay, I'm gonna review it. I'm going to sign it.
P34: and the veteran will sign for me. I mean, sign that he wants me.
Moderator: There's are you a legal representative.
P34: Yes.
Moderator: The okay.
Moderator: Just kind of talk through in your own words what you see on this page and what you'd expect to happen next.
P34: Let's see
P34: just a minute. Let me see what they're.
Moderator: Is there anything here you'd want more clarification on.
P34: No, I'm trying to think what I would have used, though.
P34: because I'm in the system as being able to act on his behalf.
P34: But the legal system that I or the legal document I have is
P34: power
P34: of
P34: medical.
P34: So I would be. I would have been a little bit okay. What am I needing to do here? If I were signing the documents because now I would have figured I was gonna sign all the documents so be anything that needed signed.
P34: When I applied I did not, and my husband did sign
P34: And now I'm wondering if I should
P34: cover
P34: power of attorney on everything.
Moderator: Is there anything else on this page that could kind of help guide you
Moderator: through that decision that you would like to see.
P34: See, I would have said I'm the veteran signing for myself.
P34: which isn't
P34: true, although he would have signed if I printed it and signed it.
P34: it should probably. Well, this is for a caregiver.
P34: Yeah, I'm thinking, dual thing. I'm thinking I'm already a caregiver. I'm already in the system. I do all of it.
Moderator: Yeah, kind of thinking back, how would you want this to work if you were signed.
P34: I am for the first.st
Moderator: To add.
P34: Ted.
P34: I guess I would have just used the I'm the veteran signing for myself because he should be able to choose
P34: and sign for himself, for his caregiver. So I
P34: don't really have a problem with that.
P34: But I was just, I guess I'm thinking forward when I'm now looking at this thinking? Okay? Maybe at some point I better have a valid power of attorney
P34: for everything.
P34: because everything normally we are on all documents together, whether it's the mortgage or the bank accounts, or any of that, so I can automatically handle everything
P34: but something like this with the Va. I would not have been. I wouldn't have had
P34: the right form
P34: to
P34: unless it's this the form here. And I would have looked that up the alternate signer certificate.
P34: because I think that is what is in the Va. For myself now, so that anybody and everybody can talk directly to me, and it doesn't have to be
P34: for my husband.
P34: I'm assuming I probably signed that. So do you want me to look that up right quick, like I normally would.
Moderator: Yeah, if that's what you would do.
P34: Okay.
Moderator: For a normal process. Go ahead and.
P34: Oh.
P34: except I've got an issue now, cause I didn't. Just a minute. Let me.
Moderator: So would you normally just
Moderator: kind of go to the search bar.
P34: Yeah, I would. Yeah. And I. But I'm almost.
P34: It looks like I covered up something that I probably shouldn't have. So I'm yeah.
P34: because the little bar comes down and I can't move my
P34: window, because I would have opened another window.
P34: So would you like for me to do that or not, do that.
Moderator: No, we can just kind of talk through it. So I guess you're.
P34: I just want to.
Moderator: Of what you search, and then what would you expect to happen next?
P34: I would have just put in Va form 2122, and it would have came up
P34: and I would have looked at it to see if it was, if it needed to be nor notarized, or anything.
P34: or
P34: and if it didn't, I would have printed it sign. I had him sign it, or I just sign it, whatever it needed to be done, and then I would have uploaded that
P34: where it asks for a document giving me legal authority.
Moderator: Got it. Thank you so much for talking through that that's really helpful to hear.
P34: Okay.
Moderator: I guess. Continue on, is just if you were doing it for real.
Moderator: Pause you here, and just look over this page and let me know your initial expectations. Here.
P34: Okay, I could see that I could edit it if I needed to.
P34: I checked all of the information
P34: and.
Moderator: Yeah, let's say you did see something you entered by mistake. How would you go about correcting that.
P34: I would hit the edit button.
P34: Do you want me to do that?
Moderator: Yeah. Go ahead.
P34: Okay.
P34: let's edit this one. Okay? So then I would have changed the phone number.
P34: If that's what I needed to do. I would have updated the page. Then I would have looked, to be sure it got updated, and it did.
P34: and then I would have been fine with that.
P34: and I would check the rest of it.
P34: And again I see that I can edit everything.
P34: though, that it says I'm the veteran signing for myself, but I'm the
P34: one applying for it.
P34: I guess I was thinking that
P34: well, we both work together on that, I guess. So maybe that's still okay.
P34: because of a care. What I'm thinking is
P34: as a veteran that's needing a caregiver.
P34: The veteran
P34: may not be
P34: capable up to or knowledgeable on the computer, and all of that for him to be doing the online
P34: fill out or filling out all the forms. So again, it's back to. That's kind of a
P34: it. Maybe it needs to say
P34: I am the applying caregiver.
P34: That's filling all this out.
P34: and the veteran will sign.
P34: I would have been more comfortable with it, saying something like that. And before I was a caregiver
P34: then saying, because basically, I'm saying I am the veteran and signing for myself, which I'm not, and I'm the one that filled out all the
P34: information.
Moderator: Got it. Thank you so much for explaining that.
P34: Yeah, I don't know if that's a
P34: a factor for most people.
P34: But I can see. Yeah, I can see it being an issue. I'm thinking of another veteran that's no good on. He can't do anything on the computer. But his wife would have been able to do it.
P34: or his daughter would have done it, but he would have been lost. With all this.
Moderator: Yeah, thank you for kind of talking through all that and all that detail. So your comfort level would. Here, you'd be more comfortable if it was
Moderator: more obvious that you're the one that completed the form.
P34: Right.
P34: or just saying I'm completing the form for the veteran, because I am going to be the caregiver, I something of that sort.
P34: And then
P34: that kind of leads back to
P34: where it was saying that I needed to upload a document.
P34: Maybe what it needs to say is, I'm filling this out for the veteran, because
P34: he's not tech savvy, or something or not capable?
P34: It's great feedback.
P34: Yeah. I suppose if he's not capable, then I would have had one of those forms. But tech savvy at the age group that so many of us are in
P34: might be just a better thing.
P34: It's kind of like with government stuff you want to be careful that you're not getting yourself in trouble by doing something and swearing that you're the one that did it?
P34: Do you know what I'm saying?
Moderator: Yeah, that totally makes sense. Thanks for talking through that.
Moderator: Yeah. If you just go ahead and.
P34: Here I would have. Yeah, that's where again I would have liked to have said.
P34: it's not
P34: the veteran that's filling it out.
Moderator: And what are your thoughts as you're reading through this piece.
P34: I'm trying to remember if it was the same thing I
P34: that it said when I signed up, but I think it is, I don't think anything's changed.
P34: and I understand all of that, that I'm not an employee.
P34: And I would have clicked on this and read the privacy policy.
P34: Do you want me to do that or not?
Moderator: Yeah, you can. If that's what you normally do.
P34: See if I can get the window to move without losing you
P34: there.
P34: And I would have read this thoroughly.
P34: Okay.
P34: yeah.
P34: okay.
Moderator: Okay, gonna go back to the form. Let me know if there's anything else that you want to share about this page. But I won't have you actually submit. We'll pause before you do that.
P34: No, I think I would have been comfortable with all that.
P34: so I would assigned it.
P34: Okay.
P34: you. You want me to go ahead and do that.
Moderator: Yeah, go ahead and do that, and just let me know if there's anything else about that page.
P34: See, this is where I was talking about. According to Federal law. I'm saying he filled it out, and I'm the one that filled it out. And I don't like that
P34: on this note.
P34: Yeah.
P34: So I would have definitely preferred it to be different.
Moderator: Great thanks for sharing that.
P34: So.
Moderator: Submit. We're in the testing environment so it won't let you actually submit anything here.
P34: Okay.
Moderator: So at this point I'm going to swap the screen share. And I'm gonna take over screen sharing for a second.
Moderator: And I would like to get your feedback on the Confirmation page. What would have happened
Moderator: if you would have hit submit. Let's see, where is it? There it is.
Moderator: Okay. So if we would have hit that Submit application Page would have arrived here. I'm gonna scroll through this page. Just let me know if I'm going too fast or too slow, and just let me know any of your thoughts or expectations. Here.
Moderator: I'm gonna adjust the window because it's wiggling a bit.
P34: And I would have screen or, okay, I would have printed this page.
P34: I probably would have printed it and screenshot it both.
Moderator: Okay.
P34: Okay?
P34: And I've
P34: understand all of that if it's denied and how to get a review.
P34: So for me, that would been fine.
Moderator: Okay.
P34: And then I would have stopped here, and I would have read the program of General
P34: Caregiver sport services.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: anything else about this page?
P34: I probably would have wrote the phone number down at the same time. But I'm would have done. Yeah, I
P34: try not to lose anything.
P34: So that's fine.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: Yeah. Because if you had a magic wand and had a perfect and it was a perfect world, what would you like to see, here is anything missing or.
P34: Oh.
P34: I didn't see a way that I could have saved the page. So go back up to the top
P34: because a lot of people don't have printers.
P34: and once in a while my printer doesn't work.
Moderator: Got it.
P34: And most people, probably older people don't know how to do.
P34: Take a picture of it, or snip
P34: and save it that away. So it might have been good if it would have asked, do you want to save this page?
Moderator: Thanks for that feedback. That's really helpful.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: I'm going to stop sharing now and kind of go back to a couple final questions as we wrap up.
P34: Okay.
Moderator: Oops lost my thing.
Moderator: Okay? So you've mentioned, you did a lot of research online on your own. Can you kind of talk through what other research you would do before applying and completing a form like this.
P34: I would have pulled up the form and printed it
P34: before I would have applied online.
P34: just so that I was familiar with it. I had a time to look at it, and just be sure that I
P34: understood everything and didn't have any questions about it.
P34: Okay.
P34: I do a lot of googling.
P34: So
P34: and like, I said, I always go to the Va website and see what I can find out there.
P34: Before I
P34: even apply for anything.
P34: Okay.
P34: next.
Moderator: What are your thoughts?
P34: Okay.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: And what are your thoughts on the amount of information provided in the form? Do you think it was too much just enough or too little.
P34: No, I think it was just right.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: is there any additional information about who qualifies as a primary or secondary caregiver? You would have liked to see.
P34: No, I think the list was sufficient.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: do you have anything else you want to add about what we went over today, or any questions for me.
P34: Don't think so.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: And I just want to circle back and reconfirm. Now that we've gone through everything, if you're comfortable, if we share a video clip of the session with our Va. Partners removing any and all identifying information.
Moderator: If you would be okay with that.
P34: Yes.
Moderator: Okay, thank you. Well, we really appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts with us today. Your feedback is really really helpful as we iterate and try and improve the site for veterans and caregivers.
P34: Okay. Cool. Sounds good.
Moderator: The Gn. Who will be sending you a thank you. Note. They're the ones that recruited you and set you all up for this. They'll be sending a little blurb. You can pass along to other veterans and caregivers that might want might want to participate in future research studies.
P34: Sounds good! Oh.
Moderator: Yeah, that's all I have for you today. So thank you again. And I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
P34: Thank you.
P34: Have a great day. Okay? Bye.